1. read the api docs - realized the parse is super important for me to iterate on the extract schema
2. ran this prompt: try the reducto cli https://docs.reducto.ai/cli. https://docs.reducto.ai/agent-guide. we want to
    run parse once on both pdfs in this folder. then save the job id's so that we can run the
    extract endpoint with different json schemas to get what we want. the two pdfs are
  intentionally from different industries. That's because Reducto specializes in able in being able
   to extract information that doesn't have to be hard coded. And just to test the first thing we
  want to try to find is this. Total net sales and growth (quarterly and full year). What I want is
   to have a folder called schemas and then we'll Subfolders like V1, V2, V3. Inside of the V1
  folder we'll have the schema, as well as a simple TXT output that compares if we found the
  information we were looking for or not. And I'll also upload a text file in the home directory of
   this repo with the information that we're looking for, so that you can iterate on the prompt for
   the schemas like v1, v2, v3, in order to figure out what's the perfect prompt or I guess schema
  structure for the type of things we're looking for. Inside of looking_for.md, I just put five
  things that we're looking for from these two PDFs. But what I want you to do now is first just
  run the parse endpoint on both PDFs. Store the job ID so we can reuse them. So we don't have to
  keep running that over and over again..
  
3. next thing i did was setup a schema folder to test out different schemas. i think we will have 
  to iterate because the schema might pick up for 1 pdf but not the other, i also created an extract.py
  script so that my agent doesnt need to take in uneeded context rot.
4. now im comparing the output that reducto did with what the actual pdf shows. i notice that it grabbed
  the net sales quarterly as expected: 187.8 BUT it didnt grab the billion after wards. even after adjusting the
  schema to ignore the the summaries/text and in the description to say output in millions, it still
  grabbed the rounded billions figure from the summary/narrative at the top.
  The solution: the system prompt was most important, seemed like this was the best so far:
  schemas/v3/schema.json
  Extract all values directly from the financial statements tables (e.g. Consolidated Statements of Operations, 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows). All monetary values must be reported in millions exactly as they appear 
  in the tables. Do not round, convert, or summarize table values. For example, if a table shows 187,792 in a column 
  labeled "(in millions)", return 187792, not 187.8.
5. now that i have a working schema for Financial Overview, im moving onto segment level data. i notice that now
  we are trying to test reducto's ability to find an array of data that isnt predefined and then find sub nested values
  about that data (the sections like aws, NA, global) for amazon
6. i realized that since we are going to be editing the schema a lot, and making lots of changes to maybe
  even the system prompt,i should set up some sort of regression test just incase the stuff that was working suddenly breaks
7. iread the docs somemore and i found that array extract is being depreciated, so then i switched over to deep extract which totally
  solved the problem i had with the extract picking up the summary/prose at the top of the amazon file
8. i had to learn about finance to understand what i  was extracting cause some things in segment level data were being mixed up with cash Flow
  (capex on financial lease)
9. adding the regression testing was a huge plus because section 3 was implmeneted with no hiccups
10. i noticed that deep extract was taking a long time so i just decided to not use it at all., one of the tests failed (rounding extraction issue)
  but it was a very small minor error that i think i can fix if i just tweak the desc prompt a little
11. the extraction model is flaky without deep extract, so for iteration ill do it without deep extract, but for production ill turn deep extract on
12. now i tried to make csvs and then use matplot lib to gen images... but then im like what if someone changes the values of the cell,
  then the image becomes redundant and the exec would have to contact the analyst again, so its better for me to make an excel that has
  formulas and can update the graphs as the values change in the cells
13. so finally i ended up with having claude code generate me a xlsx sheet directrly with some python libraries, had to iterateia few times to make
  sure that that all the graphs had keys + labels
14. decided not to make deep extract = true because that was uncessary for this demo, we can easily turn it on for future use. this is important to note
  thought because in the presentation i say it took 40 seconds, which is true. but sometimes thats flaky. using deep extract would mean a stronger model
  but at the cost of speed. something that we should talk about if asked about